CSS Takeaways 

CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is the language we use to style an HTML document. It describes 
how HTML elements should be displayed.

There are three ways to add CSS to the HTML: 1. Internal CSS 2. External CSS 3. Inline CSS

Priority Order: Inline CSS > Internal/External > Browser default 

CSS Syntax: selector {property-name: value;}

CSS Selectors: Are used to "find" (or select) the HTML elements you want to style.

There are four types of Selectors: 1. Universal Selector 2. Class Selector 3. Id Selector 4. Element Selector

CSS Styles: 

Margins: Used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.
Syntax: margin: top right bottom left

Padding: Used to create space around an element's content, inside of any defined borders.
Syntax: padding: top right bottom left 

Position: property specifies the type of positioning method used for an element (static, 
relative, fixed, absolute or sticky).

Colors: RBG(), RGBA(RED,GREEN,BLUE,ALPHA) , HEX(), HSLA()

Background: Syntax: background-color, : background-img, background-size, backgroundattachment, background-position, background-visibility etc.

Borders: border: width style color , border-radius, border-spacing etc.

Opacity: specifies the opacity/transparency of an element. Opacity ranges 0 to 1.

Display: property specifies if/how an element is displayed.
Syntax: display: inline | block | flex | none

Font: Syntax: font-style, font-family, font-weight etc.

Overflow: specifies whether to clip the content or to add scrollbars when the content of an 
element is too big to fit in the specified area. Syntax: overflow: visible | hidden | scroll | auto

Note: The overflow property only works for block elements with a specified height.

Flexbox: is a one-dimensional layout system that we can use to create a row or a column 
axis layout.
Properties: display: flex; flex-direction: row | column ; flex-wrap: wrap ; flex-grow: 0 | 1 ; 
justify-content: centre | flex-start | flex-end ;

CSS Transitions
CSS transitions allows you to change property values smoothly, over a given duration.
Property: 
transition
transition-delay
transition-duration
transition-property
transition-timing-function


2D Transforms
CSS transforms allow you to move, rotate, scale, and skew elements.
Property: translate() , rotate(), scaleX(), scaleY(), scale(), skewX(), skewY(), skew(), matrix()

Grid Container
To make an HTML element behave as a grid container, you have to set the display property to grid or inline-grid.

Grid containers consist of grid items, placed inside columns and rows.

The grid-template-columns Property
The grid-template-columns property defines the number of columns in your grid layout, and it can define the width of each column.

The value is a space-separated-list, where each value defines the width of the respective column.

If you want your grid layout to contain 4 columns, specify the width of the 4 columns, or "auto" if all columns should have the same width.